
This is the ACE level 1, browse, and ancillary software package. The routines
in this package are intended to help you access ACE level 1 and browse data
from C programs. The version number of this package changes in step with the
version of the ACE level 1 datasets. That sometimes means that the contents
of this package will not change when the version number changes.

***** See the accompanying Changelog file for details of changes in
***** the level 1, browse and ancillary software.

The package will unzip into a directory called "acetest".  acetest contains a
number of subdirectories, whose contents are described briefly below.  Other
README files within the subdirs may give more details.

These routines are "bare-bones". You are expected to be able to read the C
header files which describe each of the data structures, and modify the code
so that it does what you want. Makefiles in each of the subdirectories will
need to be modified before compiling the code.

More documentation is available from the ASC web site,
http://www.srl.caltech.edu/ASC/ACE.

To get help, send email to asc@srl.caltech.edu.

This package should always be available by ftp, from
mussel.srl.caltech.edu, in pub/ace/software.

Description of directories below "acetest".
-------------------------------------------

anciltest   routines to access ACE ancillary data HDF file,
            ACE_ANCIL.HDF

avgbrtst    routines to access ACE_BROWSE.HDF, which contains ACE
            5minute, 1hour and daily browse parameters.

	    ACE_ANCIL.HDF and ACE_BROWSE.HDF can be obtained from
	    the ASC web site or anon ftp site.

rawbrtst    routines to access raw browse parameter files. Raw browse
            parameters are generated during level 1 processing, and
	    the time periods are tied to the instrument cycle times.
	    There is one raw browse parameter file for each day of the
	    mission. ACE_BROWSE.HDF is created from the raw browse
	    parameter files.

hdfsubs     hdf subroutines used to access ACE data structures

include     C header files

edbtest     routines to read Expt Data Records (EDBs) from level 1
            data files. SWICS and SWIMS data is stored in EDBs.

striptest   routines to strip a data subset from one HDF file and write
            it out to another HDF file.

schktest    routines to access ACE spacecraft housekeeping data

cristest    routines to access CRIS level 1 data structures
epamtest    routines to access EPAM level 1 data structures
magtest     routines to access MAG  level 1 data structures
sepicatest  routines to access SEPICA level 1 data structures
sistest     routines to access SIS  level 1 data structures
swetest     routines to access SWEPAM Electron level 1 data structures
switest     routines to access SWEPAM Ion level 1 data structures
swicstest   routines to access SWICS level 1 housekeeping
            SWICS level 1 data is contained in the EDBs
swimstest   routines to access SWIMS level 1 housekeeping
            SWIMS level 1 data is contained in the EDBs
uleistest   routines to access ULEIS level 1 data structures

